USER STORIES
MVP(
As a user I want to auto-add to the list because it's more efficient.

As a user I want to edit my items in my list because human-error/mistakes.

As a user I want to delete my items in my list because human-error/mistakes.


As a user I want to easily jump between lists from anywhere because accesibiliy.

As a user I want to my default lists to be: Eat, read, watch and purchase because they're more common.

As a user I want  a login page because functionality.

AS a user i want to edit my profile because I am the only me.

)

STRETCH (
J - As a user I want to a button to jump from bottom/top lists for efficiency.

I - As a user I want recomendations based on previous searches because I want inspiration.

E - As a user I want to create custom lists  because I may have different interests.

? - As a user I want to have the logo redirect to homepage because functionality.

? - As a user I want to have the logo in the tab thumbnail because style.

)



SHINY STRETCH(

J - As a user I want to query to get recomendations because I'm curious.

E - As a user I want to favourite items on my list because I want to keep track of them

I - As a user I want to make my lists public because sharing is caring.

I -   As a user I want a popup/alert at (time of completion - x)

E -
)


TMDb key:  0ee58801eee865ef1538b59630b19b32

{
  "page": 1,
  "results": [
    {
      "adult": false,
      "backdrop_path": null,
      "genre_ids": [28,16,35],
      "id": 371370,
      "original_language": "ja",
      "original_title": "Dragon Ball Z: Zenbu Misemasu Toshi Wasure Dragon Ball Z!",
      "overview": "This movie is very different from the previous TV specials
                   (Dragon Ball Z: Bardock - The Father of Goku and Dragon Ball Z: The History of Trunks),
                    as it is a look back at what had happened in Dragon Ball Z in 1993.  In this film,
                    which is believed to take place some time around the 25th World Martial Arts Tournament,
                    Gohan and Goten are having a hot bath outside in the middle of winter. Goku (who is still dead)
                    suddenly appears in front of his sons with the help of his Instant Transmission, and joins them
                    in the tub. While there, the three Saiyans reflect back on the events that occurred during the Cell Games.
                    Inside the house after Chi-Chi appeared, Goku tells his sons about Pikkon and the Other World Tournament.
                    Later, the four members of the Son family appear dressed nicely. Gohan says that the adult
                    division of the Tournament will begin this next year (in 1994), and the special comes to an end.",
      "popularity": 49.267,
      "poster_path": "/6gxNDdXCX1EsChh8I4Ei47qt95E.jpg",
      "release_date": "1993-12-31",
      "title": "Looking Back at it All: The Dragon Ball Z Year-End Show!",
      "video": false,
      "vote_average": 6.5,
      "vote_count": 11
      }
